contestId	1
index	A
verdict	OK
id	545140
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	48033
name	Theatre Square

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	7994
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	7983
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	7962
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	7913
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7874
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7848
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Commentator problem

contestId	2
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7531
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2830
name	The least round way
tag0	dp

contestId	2
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7476
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2830
name	The least round way
tag0	dp

contestId	2
index	B
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	7421
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2830
name	The least round way
tag0	dp

contestId	2
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7331
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	5760
name	Winner
tag0	hashing

contestId	2
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7267
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	5760
name	Winner
tag0	hashing

contestId	5
index	C
verdict	OK
id	24745
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2344
name	Longest Regular Bracket Sequence
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	data structures
tag2	dp
tag3	greedy
tag4	sortings

contestId	8
index	E
verdict	OK
id	36668
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Beads
tag0	dp

contestId	8
index	C
verdict	OK
id	34987
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	963
name	Looking for Order
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	8
index	B
verdict	OK
id	34203
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1474
name	Obsession with Robots
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graphs

contestId	8
index	A
verdict	OK
id	34121
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2181
name	Train and Peter

contestId	10
index	C
verdict	OK
id	45477
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	675
name	Digital Root

contestId	10
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45475
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	675
name	Digital Root

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45325
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45318
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	45310
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	45308
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45307
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	45304
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	45295
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	45293
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	45266
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45251
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45247
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45212
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45198
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45183
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	45138
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	44982
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	44903
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	44792
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	44542
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	44404
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	252
name	Greedy Change

contestId	10
index	C
verdict	OK
id	43384
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	675
name	Digital Root

contestId	10
index	B
verdict	OK
id	43251
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	826
name	Cinema Cashier
tag0	dp

contestId	10
index	A
verdict	OK
id	43119
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1961
name	Power Consumption Calculation

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	58629
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58573
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58526
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58497
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58422
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58415
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	58296
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	D
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	58264
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Triangles
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	C
verdict	OK
id	56502
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	924
name	Sequence
tag0	dp

contestId	13
index	B
verdict	OK
id	56172
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	415
name	Letter A
tag0	geometry

contestId	13
index	A
verdict	OK
id	55780
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2759
name	Numbers
tag0	implementation

contestId	15
index	B
verdict	OK
id	68680
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	632
name	Laser

contestId	15
index	B
verdict	OK
id	68679
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	632
name	Laser

contestId	15
index	B
verdict	OK
id	68678
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	632
name	Laser

contestId	15
index	C
verdict	OK
id	67704
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	799
name	Industrial Nim

contestId	15
index	E
verdict	OK
id	67700
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Triangles
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	15
index	D
verdict	OK
id	66031
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	246
name	Map
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation

contestId	15
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	65884
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	246
name	Map
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation

contestId	15
index	E
verdict	OK
id	65699
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Triangles
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	15
index	C
verdict	OK
id	65227
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	799
name	Industrial Nim

contestId	15
index	B
verdict	OK
id	65213
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	632
name	Laser

contestId	15
index	A
verdict	OK
id	65192
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1447
name	Cottage Village
tag0	implementation

contestId	16
index	D
verdict	OK
id	69874
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	608
name	Logging
tag0	implementation

contestId	16
index	E
verdict	OK
id	69700
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	856
name	Fish
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	16
index	C
verdict	OK
id	69548
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1548
name	Monitor
tag0	binary search

contestId	16
index	B
verdict	OK
id	69460
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2199
name	Burglar and Matches
tag0	greedy
tag1	implementation

contestId	16
index	A
verdict	OK
id	69426
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3929
name	Flag

contestId	19
index	E
verdict	OK
id	88480
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	344
name	Fairy
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	19
index	E
verdict	PRESENTATION_ERROR
id	88439
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	344
name	Fairy
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	19
index	C
verdict	OK
id	87216
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	397
name	Deletion of Repeats
tag0	greedy
tag1	hashing

contestId	19
index	A
verdict	OK
id	86678
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1139
name	World Football Cup

contestId	19
index	B
verdict	OK
id	86568
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	935
name	Checkout Assistant

contestId	21
index	D
verdict	OK
id	92236
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	258
name	Traveling Graph
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	graph matchings

contestId	21
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	92173
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	258
name	Traveling Graph
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	graph matchings

contestId	21
index	B
verdict	OK
id	92166
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	627
name	Intersection
tag0	implementation

contestId	21
index	D
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	91160
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	258
name	Traveling Graph
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	graph matchings

contestId	21
index	C
verdict	OK
id	91035
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	734
name	Stripe 2
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	21
index	B
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	90968
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	627
name	Intersection
tag0	implementation

contestId	21
index	A
verdict	OK
id	90961
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	694
name	Jabber ID

contestId	23
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	99402
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	414
name	Oranges and Apples
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	23
index	C
verdict	PRESENTATION_ERROR
id	99377
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	414
name	Oranges and Apples
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	23
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	99164
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	188
name	Tetragon
tag0	geometry

contestId	23
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	99039
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	188
name	Tetragon
tag0	geometry

contestId	23
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	99029
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	188
name	Tetragon
tag0	geometry

contestId	23
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	98962
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	188
name	Tetragon
tag0	geometry

contestId	23
index	E
verdict	OK
id	98637
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	274
name	Tree

contestId	23
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	98618
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	274
name	Tree

contestId	23
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	98301
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	414
name	Oranges and Apples
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	23
index	B
verdict	OK
id	97315
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1073
name	Party
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graphs

contestId	23
index	A
verdict	OK
id	97171
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1812
name	You're Given a String...
tag0	brute force

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	105839
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	105838
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	105835
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	105834
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	105661
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	105660
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	E
verdict	OK
id	103129
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	389
name	Berland collider

contestId	24
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	103079
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	389
name	Berland collider

contestId	24
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	103050
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	389
name	Berland collider

contestId	24
index	C
verdict	OK
id	101328
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	649
name	Sequence of points
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	24
index	A
verdict	OK
id	101176
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1644
name	Ring road

contestId	24
index	B
verdict	OK
id	101112
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	847
name	F1 Champions

contestId	28
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	123388
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	26
name	DravDe saves the world
tag0	geometry

contestId	28
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	123386
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	26
name	DravDe saves the world
tag0	geometry

contestId	28
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	123118
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	26
name	DravDe saves the world
tag0	geometry

contestId	28
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	122639
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	254
name	Don't fear, DravDe is kind
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	dp

contestId	28
index	A
verdict	OK
id	122374
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	487
name	Bender Problem

contestId	28
index	C
verdict	OK
id	122318
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	350
name	Bath Queue
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	28
index	B
verdict	OK
id	122267
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1303
name	pSort
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu

contestId	33
index	E
verdict	OK
id	143381
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	63

contestId	33
index	D
verdict	OK
id	142284
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	463
name	Knights
tag0	geometry
tag1	graphs
tag2	shortest paths

contestId	33
index	C
verdict	OK
id	141949
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	959
name	Wonderful Randomized Sum

contestId	33
index	A
verdict	OK
id	141731
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1632
name	What is for dinner?
tag0	greedy

contestId	33
index	B
verdict	OK
id	141602
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	878
name	String Problem

contestId	37
index	D
verdict	OK
id	167166
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	192
name	Lesson Timetable
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	37
index	C
verdict	OK
id	166680
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	585
name	Old Berland Language
tag0	data structures
tag1	greedy

contestId	37
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	166322
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	192
name	Lesson Timetable
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	37
index	B
verdict	OK
id	165840
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	549
name	Computer Game
tag0	greedy

contestId	37
index	A
verdict	OK
id	165296
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	7766
name	Towers

contestId	38
index	H
verdict	OK
id	173421
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	72
name	The Great Marathon

contestId	38
index	G
verdict	OK
id	172928
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	247
name	Queue

contestId	38
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	172301
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	247
name	Queue

contestId	38
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	172197
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	247
name	Queue

contestId	38
index	F
verdict	OK
id	171950
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	222
name	Smart Boy
tag0	dp
tag1	games

contestId	38
index	E
verdict	OK
id	170950
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	691
name	Let's Go Rolling!
tag0	dp

contestId	38
index	D
verdict	OK
id	170802
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	320
name	Vasya the Architect

contestId	38
index	C
verdict	OK
id	170531
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1116
name	Blinds

contestId	38
index	B
verdict	OK
id	170374
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1666
name	Chess
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	38
index	A
verdict	OK
id	170294
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	6201
name	Army

contestId	40
index	E
verdict	OK
id	181132
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Number Table

contestId	40
index	C
verdict	OK
id	179486
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	156
name	Berland Square

contestId	40
index	D
verdict	OK
id	179344
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	60
name	Interesting Sequence

contestId	40
index	E
verdict	OK
id	178836
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Number Table

contestId	40
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	178785
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Number Table

contestId	40
index	B
verdict	OK
id	177740
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	654
name	Repaintings

contestId	40
index	A
verdict	OK
id	177581
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1387
name	Find Color
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	implementation

contestId	42
index	B
verdict	OK
id	198344
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	507
name	Game of chess unfinished

contestId	42
index	E
verdict	OK
id	198036
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	85
name	Baldman and the military
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	42
index	C
verdict	OK
id	197927
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	278
name	Safe cracking
tag0	brute force

contestId	42
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	197535
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	507
name	Game of chess unfinished

contestId	42
index	D
verdict	OK
id	197286
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	226
name	Strange town
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	42
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	196864
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	278
name	Safe cracking
tag0	brute force

contestId	42
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	196834
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	278
name	Safe cracking
tag0	brute force

contestId	42
index	A
verdict	OK
id	196493
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1262
name	Guilty --- to the kitchen!
tag0	greedy

contestId	42
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	196485
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1262
name	Guilty --- to the kitchen!
tag0	greedy

contestId	46
index	F
verdict	OK
id	208902
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	180
name	Hercule Poirot Problem
tag0	dsu

contestId	46
index	G
verdict	OK
id	208494
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	46
name	Emperor's Problem

contestId	46
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	208228
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	46
name	Emperor's Problem

contestId	46
index	D
verdict	OK
id	206944
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	627
name	Parking Lot
tag0	data structures

contestId	46
index	E
verdict	OK
id	206566
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	448
name	Comb
tag0	data structures

contestId	46
index	A
verdict	OK
id	206251
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3106
name	Ball Game
tag0	brute force

contestId	46
index	B
verdict	OK
id	206222
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1406
name	T-shirts from Sponsor

contestId	46
index	C
verdict	OK
id	206176
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1023
name	Hamsters and Tigers

contestId	50
index	C
verdict	OK
id	227503
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	424
name	Happy Farm 5

contestId	50
index	D
verdict	OK
id	227374
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	351
name	Bombing
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	50
index	E
verdict	OK
id	227046
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	214
name	Square Equation Roots

contestId	50
index	B
verdict	OK
id	226131
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2309
name	Choosing Symbol Pairs

contestId	50
index	A
verdict	OK
id	225875
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	26394
name	Domino piling
tag0	greedy

contestId	51
index	F
verdict	OK
id	234330
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	168
name	Caterpillar
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	graphs

contestId	51
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	233117
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	168
name	Caterpillar
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	graphs

contestId	51
index	E
verdict	OK
id	232373
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	156
name	Pentagon
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	graphs

contestId	51
index	D
verdict	OK
id	231965
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	266
name	Geometrical problem

contestId	51
index	C
verdict	OK
id	231526
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	613
name	Three Base Stations
tag0	binary search

contestId	51
index	B
verdict	OK
id	231286
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	577
name	bHTML Tables Analisys

contestId	51
index	A
verdict	OK
id	231222
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1078
name	Cheaterius's Problem

contestId	57
index	D
verdict	OK
id	262995
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	184
name	Journey
tag0	dp

contestId	57
index	C
verdict	OK
id	262068
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	697
name	Array
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	57
index	B
verdict	OK
id	261938
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	703
name	Martian Architecture

contestId	57
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	261913
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	703
name	Martian Architecture

contestId	57
index	A
verdict	OK
id	261854
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1389
name	Square Earth?
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	greedy

contestId	60
index	C
verdict	OK
id	291432
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	348
name	Mushroom Strife
tag0	brute force

contestId	60
index	C
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	290338
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	348
name	Mushroom Strife
tag0	brute force

contestId	60
index	E
verdict	OK
id	289984
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	178
name	Mushroom Gnomes
tag0	math

contestId	60
index	D
verdict	OK
id	289434
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	190
name	Savior
tag0	brute force
tag1	dsu

contestId	60
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	289425
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	190
name	Savior
tag0	brute force
tag1	dsu

contestId	60
index	B
verdict	OK
id	288636
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1824
name	Serial Time!
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	60
index	A
verdict	OK
id	288077
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1791
name	Where Are My Flakes?
tag0	implementation

contestId	62
index	C
verdict	OK
id	305881
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	165
name	Inquisition
tag0	geometry
tag1	implementation

contestId	62
index	D
verdict	OK
id	304933
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	207
name	Wormhouse
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	62
index	B
verdict	OK
id	303176
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	794
name	Tyndex.Brome
tag0	binary search

contestId	62
index	A
verdict	OK
id	302385
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1893
name	A Student's Dream
tag0	greedy

contestId	64
index	E
verdict	OK
id	294082
programmingLanguage	Tcl
solvedCount	145
name	Prime Segment

contestId	64
index	D
verdict	OK
id	293935
programmingLanguage	Tcl
solvedCount	185
name	Presents

contestId	64
index	C
verdict	OK
id	293796
programmingLanguage	Tcl
solvedCount	215
name	Table
tag0	greedy
tag1	implementation

contestId	64
index	B
verdict	OK
id	293669
programmingLanguage	Tcl
solvedCount	317
name	Expression

contestId	64
index	A
verdict	OK
id	293654
programmingLanguage	Tcl
solvedCount	427
name	Factorial

contestId	67
index	C
verdict	OK
id	334436
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Sequence of Balls

contestId	67
index	C
verdict	SKIPPED
id	334088
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	229
name	Sequence of Balls

contestId	67
index	E
verdict	OK
id	333977
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	176
name	Save the City!

contestId	67
index	E
verdict	SKIPPED
id	333780
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	176
name	Save the City!

contestId	67
index	B
verdict	OK
id	333379
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	487
name	Restoration of the Permutation

contestId	67
index	D
verdict	OK
id	332980
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	611
name	Optical Experiment
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	67
index	A
verdict	OK
id	332655
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1021
name	Partial Teacher
tag0	dp
tag1	graphs
tag2	greedy

contestId	73
index	F
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	376402
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	32
name	Plane of Tanks
tag0	brute force

contestId	73
index	F
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	376007
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	32
name	Plane of Tanks
tag0	brute force

contestId	73
index	B
verdict	OK
id	375099
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	320
name	Need For Brake
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy

contestId	73
index	D
verdict	OK
id	374698
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	301
name	FreeDiv
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	73
index	E
verdict	OK
id	374570
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	159
name	Morrowindows
tag0	math

contestId	73
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	374374
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	320
name	Need For Brake
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy

contestId	73
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	373647
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	159
name	Morrowindows
tag0	math

contestId	73
index	C
verdict	OK
id	373031
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	728
name	LionAge II

contestId	73
index	A
verdict	OK
id	372713
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	838
name	The Elder Trolls IV: Oblivon
tag0	greedy

contestId	74
index	D
verdict	OK
id	392379
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	230
name	Hanger

contestId	74
index	D
verdict	SKIPPED
id	392085
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	230
name	Hanger

contestId	74
index	C
verdict	OK
id	391314
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	528
name	Chessboard Billiard
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs

contestId	74
index	E
verdict	OK
id	391186
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	49
name	Shift It!

contestId	74
index	B
verdict	OK
id	389940
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	958
name	Train
tag0	dp
tag1	games

contestId	74
index	A
verdict	OK
id	388976
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2652
name	Room Leader

contestId	76
index	F
verdict	OK
id	380317
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	301
name	Tourist
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	76
index	E
verdict	OK
id	380153
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	866
name	Points
tag0	implementation

contestId	76
index	D
verdict	OK
id	380057
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	727
name	Plus and xor
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	76
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	380024
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	727
name	Plus and xor
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	76
index	C
verdict	OK
id	379997
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	70
name	Mutation
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	76
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	379980
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	70
name	Mutation
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	76
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	379847
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	70
name	Mutation
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	76
index	B
verdict	OK
id	379575
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	246
name	Mice
tag0	greedy

contestId	76
index	A
verdict	OK
id	379437
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	369
name	Gift
tag0	dsu
tag1	graphs
tag2	sortings

contestId	76
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	379425
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	369
name	Gift
tag0	dsu
tag1	graphs
tag2	sortings

contestId	76
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	379402
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	369
name	Gift
tag0	dsu
tag1	graphs
tag2	sortings

contestId	77
index	C
verdict	OK
id	401718
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	531
name	Beavermuncher-0xFF
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	greedy

contestId	77
index	D
verdict	OK
id	399134
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	188
name	Domino Carpet
tag0	dp

contestId	77
index	B
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	397610
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1165
name	Falling Anvils
tag0	math

contestId	77
index	B
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	397530
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1165
name	Falling Anvils
tag0	math

contestId	77
index	A
verdict	OK
id	396904
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1076
name	Heroes
tag0	brute force

contestId	82
index	E
verdict	OK
id	440001
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	159
name	Corridor

contestId	82
index	C
verdict	OK
id	436895
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	629
name	General Mobilization
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	82
index	B
verdict	OK
id	436323
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1301
name	Sets
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	hashing

contestId	82
index	D
verdict	OK
id	435779
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	734
name	Two out of Three

contestId	82
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	434974
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1301
name	Sets
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	hashing

contestId	82
index	A
verdict	OK
id	434354
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	12677
name	Double Cola
tag0	implementation

contestId	83
index	E
verdict	OK
id	450578
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	180
name	Two Subsequences
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	83
index	D
verdict	OK
id	449796
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	366
name	Numbers
tag0	dp
tag1	math

contestId	83
index	C
verdict	OK
id	449025
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	256
name	Track
tag0	graphs
tag1	greedy

contestId	83
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	449008
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	256
name	Track
tag0	graphs
tag1	greedy

contestId	83
index	B
verdict	OK
id	447077
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	907
name	Doctor
tag0	binary search
tag1	math

contestId	83
index	A
verdict	OK
id	446358
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2449
name	Magical Array

contestId	85
index	C
verdict	OK
id	463260
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	397
name	Petya and Tree
tag0	binary search
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	probabilities
tag3	sortings

contestId	85
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	463084
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	397
name	Petya and Tree
tag0	binary search
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	probabilities
tag3	sortings

contestId	85
index	D
verdict	OK
id	462588
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	763
name	Sum of Medians
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force
tag2	data structures

contestId	85
index	E
verdict	OK
id	461951
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	267
name	Guard Towers
tag0	binary search
tag1	dsu
tag2	geometry
tag3	graphs

contestId	85
index	B
verdict	OK
id	460605
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	760
name	Embassy Queue

contestId	85
index	A
verdict	OK
id	460184
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1262
name	Domino
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	86
index	B
verdict	OK
id	467658
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	230
name	Tetris revisited
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graph matchings
tag2	greedy

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	OK
id	467636
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467570
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467500
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467471
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467390
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467319
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467316
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467270
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	257
name	Genetic engineering
tag0	dp
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	86
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	467179
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	230
name	Tetris revisited
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graph matchings
tag2	greedy

contestId	86
index	E
verdict	OK
id	466889
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	121
name	Long sequence
tag0	brute force
tag1	math

contestId	86
index	D
verdict	OK
id	466535
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2052
name	Powerful array
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation
tag2	math

contestId	86
index	A
verdict	OK
id	466215
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	672
name	Reflection

contestId	86
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	466198
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	672
name	Reflection

contestId	87
index	E
verdict	OK
id	481093
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	94
name	Mogohu-Rea Idol

contestId	87
index	E
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	481083
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	94
name	Mogohu-Rea Idol

contestId	87
index	E
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	480940
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	94
name	Mogohu-Rea Idol

contestId	87
index	E
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	480685
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	94
name	Mogohu-Rea Idol

contestId	87
index	D
verdict	OK
id	479186
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	351
name	Beautiful Road
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	implementation
tag4	sortings

contestId	87
index	D
verdict	SKIPPED
id	478867
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	351
name	Beautiful Road
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	implementation
tag4	sortings

contestId	87
index	B
verdict	OK
id	478182
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	659
name	Vasya and Types
tag0	implementation

contestId	87
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	478090
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	659
name	Vasya and Types
tag0	implementation

contestId	87
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	478058
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	659
name	Vasya and Types
tag0	implementation

contestId	87
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	477967
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	659
name	Vasya and Types
tag0	implementation

contestId	87
index	C
verdict	OK
id	477330
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	710
name	Interesting Game
tag0	dp

contestId	87
index	A
verdict	OK
id	477177
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1630
name	Trains

contestId	89
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	493592
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	30
name	Fire and Ice

contestId	89
index	B
verdict	OK
id	492381
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	346
name	Widget Library
tag0	dp
tag1	expression parsing
tag2	graphs

contestId	89
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	492051
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	346
name	Widget Library
tag0	dp
tag1	expression parsing
tag2	graphs

contestId	89
index	D
verdict	OK
id	491352
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	172
name	Space mines

contestId	89
index	C
verdict	OK
id	490286
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	366
name	Chip Play
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures

contestId	89
index	A
verdict	OK
id	489326
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	979
name	Robbery

contestId	96
index	A
verdict	OK
id	546632
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	21645
name	Football
tag0	implementation

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547844
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547840
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	OK
id	547799
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	547794
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547789
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547787
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547783
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547781
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547780
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547778
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547776
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547775
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547758
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	547756
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	547491
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	84
name	Robot in Basement
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	97
index	A
verdict	OK
id	547154
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	163
name	Domino
tag0	brute force

contestId	97
index	C
verdict	OK
id	547022
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	154
name	Winning Strategy
tag0	binary search
tag1	graphs
tag2	math

contestId	97
index	B
verdict	OK
id	546823
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Superset
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	101
index	C
verdict	OK
id	582749
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	410
name	Vectors
tag0	implementation

contestId	101
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	581281
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	410
name	Vectors
tag0	implementation

contestId	101
index	D
verdict	OK
id	580677
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	240
name	Castle
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy
tag2	probabilities
tag3	sortings

contestId	101
index	E
verdict	OK
id	579938
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	204
name	Candies and Stones
tag0	divide and conquer

contestId	101
index	B
verdict	OK
id	578791
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	849
name	Buses
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	101
index	A
verdict	OK
id	577918
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1791
name	Homework

contestId	105
index	C
verdict	OK
id	606942
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	195
name	Item World
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	105
index	B
verdict	OK
id	605713
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	597
name	Dark Assembly
tag0	brute force

contestId	105
index	A
verdict	OK
id	605392
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1147
name	Transmigration

contestId	106
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	620835
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	375
name	Space Rescuers
tag0	geometry

contestId	106
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	618447
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	375
name	Space Rescuers
tag0	geometry

contestId	106
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	618284
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	375
name	Space Rescuers
tag0	geometry

contestId	106
index	A
verdict	OK
id	617478
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3212
name	Card Game

contestId	106
index	D
verdict	OK
id	617273
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	697
name	Treasure Island
tag0	brute force

contestId	106
index	B
verdict	OK
id	615888
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2524
name	Choosing Laptop
tag0	brute force

contestId	106
index	C
verdict	OK
id	615679
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1601
name	Buns
tag0	chinese remainder theorem

contestId	107
index	C
verdict	OK
id	633250
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	205
name	Arrangement
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	107
index	D
verdict	OK
id	632367
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	200
name	Crime Management
tag0	dp

contestId	107
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	628926
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	205
name	Arrangement
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	107
index	A
verdict	OK
id	628243
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1880
name	Dorm Water Supply
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	107
index	B
verdict	OK
id	627574
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1319
name	Basketball Team
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	109
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	648652
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	39
name	Lucky Interval
tag0	brute force

contestId	109
index	E
verdict	SKIPPED
id	648182
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	39
name	Lucky Interval
tag0	brute force

contestId	109
index	B
verdict	OK
id	645849
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	762
name	Lucky Probability
tag0	brute force

contestId	109
index	C
verdict	OK
id	645267
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1055
name	Lucky Tree
tag0	dp
tag1	dsu

contestId	109
index	D
verdict	OK
id	644534
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	371
name	Lucky Sorting
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	109
index	A
verdict	OK
id	642168
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	4484
name	Lucky Sum of Digits
tag0	brute force

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	OK
id	668288
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	OK
id	666377
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	OK
id	666373
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	OK
id	666371
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	666353
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	666352
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	666341
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	662468
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	662104
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	273
name	Petya and Coloring
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	111
index	C
verdict	OK
id	659064
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	637
name	Petya and Spiders
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	111
index	B
verdict	OK
id	658150
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1472
name	Petya and Divisors
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	111
index	A
verdict	OK
id	657206
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2362
name	Petya and Inequiations

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	683265
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	683261
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	OK
id	682967
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	OK
id	682949
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682939
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	682886
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682859
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	C
verdict	OK
id	682852
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	539
name	Double Happiness
tag0	brute force

contestId	113
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	682845
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	539
name	Double Happiness
tag0	brute force

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682830
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	682825
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	682780
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	682779
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682767
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682754
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	682745
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	E
verdict	OK
id	680820
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	48
name	Sleeping
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	implementation

contestId	113
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	679123
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	212
name	Museum
tag0	matrices

contestId	113
index	A
verdict	OK
id	676774
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1213
name	Grammar Lessons
tag0	implementation

contestId	113
index	B
verdict	OK
id	676084
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1058
name	Petr#
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	hashing

contestId	113
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	675970
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1058
name	Petr#
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	hashing

contestId	113
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	675558
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	539
name	Double Happiness
tag0	brute force

contestId	115
index	B
verdict	OK
id	701785
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1526
name	Lawnmower
tag0	greedy

contestId	115
index	D
verdict	OK
id	700677
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	127
name	Unambiguous Arithmetic Expression
tag0	dp

contestId	115
index	D
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	700665
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	127
name	Unambiguous Arithmetic Expression
tag0	dp

contestId	115
index	E
verdict	OK
id	698918
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	326
name	Linear Kingdom Races
tag0	data structures

contestId	115
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	697928
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1526
name	Lawnmower
tag0	greedy

contestId	115
index	C
verdict	OK
id	696934
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	454
name	Plumber

contestId	115
index	A
verdict	OK
id	695755
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	6604
name	Party
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	117
index	E
verdict	OK
id	720521
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	89
name	Tree or not Tree
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	implementation

contestId	117
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	719151
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	89
name	Tree or not Tree
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	implementation

contestId	117
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	719051
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	89
name	Tree or not Tree
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	implementation

contestId	117
index	D
verdict	OK
id	715941
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	237
name	Not Quick Transformation
tag0	divide and conquer

contestId	117
index	C
verdict	OK
id	714087
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1234
name	Cycle
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	117
index	B
verdict	OK
id	713852
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1058
name	Very Interesting Game
tag0	brute force

contestId	117
index	A
verdict	OK
id	713826
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1542
name	Elevator
tag0	implementation

contestId	119
index	D
verdict	OK
id	762523
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	193
name	String Transformation
tag0	hashing

contestId	119
index	C
verdict	OK
id	761666
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	525
name	Education Reform

contestId	119
index	C
verdict	SKIPPED
id	761400
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	525
name	Education Reform

contestId	119
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	759895
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	774
name	Before Exam
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	implementation

contestId	119
index	A
verdict	OK
id	759387
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	11718
name	Epic Game

contestId	120
index	I
verdict	OK
id	775976
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	230
name	Luck is in Numbers

contestId	120
index	G
verdict	OK
id	775504
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	545
name	Boom

contestId	120
index	J
verdict	OK
id	775403
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	507
name	Minimum Sum
tag0	divide and conquer
tag1	geometry

contestId	120
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	774923
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	545
name	Boom

contestId	120
index	E
verdict	OK
id	774183
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1547
name	Put Knight!

contestId	120
index	H
verdict	OK
id	773891
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	630
name	Brevity is Soul of Wit

contestId	120
index	F
verdict	OK
id	772754
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1513
name	Spiders
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	120
index	D
verdict	OK
id	772445
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1330
name	Three Sons

contestId	120
index	C
verdict	OK
id	772055
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1943
name	Winnie-the-Pooh and honey
tag0	implementation

contestId	120
index	B
verdict	OK
id	771950
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1874
name	Quiz League

contestId	120
index	A
verdict	OK
id	771894
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2257
name	Elevator
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	121
index	E
verdict	OK
id	804829
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	407
name	Lucky Array

contestId	121
index	D
verdict	OK
id	802756
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	155
name	Lucky Segments
tag0	binary search
tag1	implementation

contestId	121
index	B
verdict	OK
id	801296
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1466
name	Lucky Transformation

contestId	121
index	C
verdict	OK
id	800348
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	765
name	Lucky Permutation
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics

contestId	121
index	A
verdict	OK
id	799092
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2735
name	Lucky Sum

contestId	123
index	B
verdict	OK
id	832194
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	666
name	Squares

contestId	123
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	831433
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	666
name	Squares

contestId	123
index	E
verdict	OK
id	830913
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	173
name	Maze
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	probabilities

contestId	123
index	C
verdict	OK
id	830487
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	296
name	Brackets
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	123
index	D
verdict	OK
id	829997
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	338
name	String

contestId	123
index	B
verdict	OK
id	828761
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	666
name	Squares

contestId	123
index	A
verdict	OK
id	827481
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1376
name	Prime Permutation
tag0	implementation
tag1	number theory

contestId	126
index	A
verdict	OK
id	848423
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	895
name	Hot Bath
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force

contestId	126
index	A
verdict	SKIPPED
id	848229
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	895
name	Hot Bath
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force

contestId	126
index	D
verdict	OK
id	846952
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	384
name	Fibonacci Sums
tag0	dp

contestId	126
index	C
verdict	OK
id	844825
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	462
name	E-reader Display
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	126
index	B
verdict	OK
id	844058
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3290
name	Password
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp
tag2	hashing
tag3	string suffix structures

contestId	128
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	869350
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	44
name	Birthday
tag0	geometry

contestId	128
index	D
verdict	OK
id	867220
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	594
name	Numbers

contestId	128
index	B
verdict	OK
id	866590
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	904
name	String
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	hashing
tag3	string suffix structures

contestId	128
index	B
verdict	SKIPPED
id	866497
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	904
name	String
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	hashing
tag3	string suffix structures

contestId	128
index	C
verdict	OK
id	865977
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	982
name	Games with Rectangle
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	128
index	A
verdict	OK
id	865279
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1732
name	Statues

contestId	140
index	F
verdict	OK
id	1007449
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	240
name	New Year Snowflake
tag0	geometry

contestId	140
index	F
verdict	SKIPPED
id	1007193
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	240
name	New Year Snowflake
tag0	geometry

contestId	140
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1005484
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	243
name	New Year Garland
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	140
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1005152
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	243
name	New Year Garland
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	140
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1005135
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	243
name	New Year Garland
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	140
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1001437
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1566
name	New Year Contest
tag0	greedy

contestId	140
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1000944
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2682
name	New Year Table
tag0	geometry

contestId	140
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1000239
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1078
name	New Year Cards
tag0	brute force
tag1	greedy

contestId	140
index	C
verdict	OK
id	999267
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1876
name	New Year Snowmen
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	142
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1037704
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	170
name	Help Shrek and Donkey 2

contestId	142
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1037258
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	170
name	Help Shrek and Donkey 2

contestId	142
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1036652
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	170
name	Help Shrek and Donkey 2

contestId	142
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1036362
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	407
name	Help Caretaker
tag0	brute force

contestId	142
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1031869
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1173
name	Help General
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	greedy

contestId	142
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1031117
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1592
name	Help Farmer
tag0	brute force

contestId	145
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1107770
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	837
name	Lucky Subsequence
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	145
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1106471
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	609
name	Lucky Queries

contestId	145
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1105329
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Lucky Pair
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	data structures

contestId	145
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1104573
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1093
name	Lucky Number 2

contestId	145
index	B
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	1103473
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1093
name	Lucky Number 2

contestId	145
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1101514
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3841
name	Lucky Conversion
tag0	greedy

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1197815
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1197800
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1197794
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1197773
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1197766
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1197762
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1194386
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	217
name	Mission Impassable

contestId	150
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1191698
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	406
name	Smart Cheater
tag0	data structures
tag1	math

contestId	150
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1190019
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	406
name	Smart Cheater
tag0	data structures
tag1	math

contestId	150
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1187876
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1661
name	Quantity of Strings
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	150
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1187174
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	2661
name	Win or Freeze
tag0	games

contestId	154
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1225484
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	241
name	Flatland Fencing
tag0	games

contestId	154
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1223877
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	807
name	Double Profiles
tag0	graphs
tag1	hashing

contestId	154
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1222594
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1659
name	Colliders
tag0	math

contestId	154
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1221625
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1966
name	Hometask

contestId	156
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1251062
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1950
name	Message

contestId	156
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1250914
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	353
name	Clues
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	156
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1250587
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	353
name	Clues
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	156
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1250547
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	353
name	Clues
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	156
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1250291
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	94
name	Mrs. Hudson's Pancakes
tag0	brute force

contestId	156
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1246420
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1950
name	Message

contestId	156
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1246183
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1007
name	Cipher
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	156
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1244730
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1290
name	Suspects
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	data structures

contestId	158
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1275188
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1144
name	Phone Talks
tag0	dp

contestId	158
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1274568
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	4504
name	Ice Sculptures
tag0	brute force

contestId	158
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1274555
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	4774
name	Cd and pwd commands
tag0	data structures

contestId	158
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1274440
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	20576
name	Taxi
tag0	greedy

contestId	158
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1274426
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	31104
name	Next Round

contestId	161
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1346849
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	349
name	Abracadabra

contestId	161
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1344819
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	293
name	Polycarpus the Safecracker
tag0	brute force

contestId	161
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1343521
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1361
name	Discounts
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	greedy

contestId	161
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1342736
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2516
name	Distance in Tree
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	161
index	D
verdict	SKIPPED
id	1342322
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2516
name	Distance in Tree
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	161
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1340919
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2624
name	Dress'em in Vests!
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force
tag2	greedy

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1416433
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1416376
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1416356
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1416332
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1416288
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1416226
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1416202
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1416136
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1415182
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	165
name	Large Refrigerator

contestId	163
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1412489
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	305
name	e-Government
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp
tag3	strings

contestId	163
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1411057
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	645
name	Lemmings

contestId	163
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1410319
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	408
name	Conveyor

contestId	163
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1409313
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1257
name	Substring and Subsequence

contestId	164
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1503272
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Minimum Diameter
tag0	binary search

contestId	164
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1503137
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Minimum Diameter
tag0	binary search

contestId	164
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1503009
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Minimum Diameter
tag0	binary search

contestId	164
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1502609
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Minimum Diameter
tag0	binary search

contestId	164
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1502425
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	130
name	Minimum Diameter
tag0	binary search

contestId	164
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1499994
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	322
name	Ancient Berland Hieroglyphs

contestId	164
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1498440
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	591
name	Variable, or There and Back Again
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	165
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1363823
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Beard Graph
tag0	data structures
tag1	dsu

contestId	165
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1363372
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	603
name	Beard Graph
tag0	data structures
tag1	dsu

contestId	165
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1362253
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	957
name	Compatible Numbers
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force
tag2	dfs and similar

contestId	165
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1361783
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3519
name	Another Problem on Strings
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force
tag2	dp
tag3	math
tag4	strings

contestId	165
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1361572
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3551
name	Burning Midnight Oil
tag0	binary search

contestId	165
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1361543
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	5498
name	Supercentral Point

contestId	167
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1431660
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	159
name	Wizards and Bets
tag0	math

contestId	167
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1426303
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1485
name	Wizards and Trolleybuses

contestId	167
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1425716
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	964
name	Wizards and Huge Prize
tag0	dp

contestId	167
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1425129
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	347
name	Wizards and Numbers
tag0	games

contestId	171
index	G
verdict	OK
id	1462911
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	323

contestId	171
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1462810
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	400
name	A Piece of Cake

contestId	171
index	F
verdict	OK
id	1462775
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	699
name	ucyhf
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1462738
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462735
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462734
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462730
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462727
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462724
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1462719
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1291
name	Broken checker

contestId	171
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1462699
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1945
name	Mysterious numbers - 1

contestId	171
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1462694
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1745
name	Star

contestId	171
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1462690
programmingLanguage	Secret_171
solvedCount	327

contestId	173
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1483750
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	222
name	Camping Groups
tag0	data structures

contestId	173
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1482764
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	150
name	Deputies
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graphs
tag2	greedy

contestId	173
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1481564
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	885
name	Chamber of Secrets
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	173
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1481290
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	626
name	Spiral Maximum
tag0	brute force

contestId	173
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1480884
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	626
name	Spiral Maximum
tag0	brute force

contestId	173
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1480149
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1482
name	Rock-Paper-Scissors
tag0	implementation

contestId	175
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1536306
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	128
name	Power Defence
tag0	brute force
tag1	dp

contestId	175
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1535308
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	186
name	Plane of Tanks: Duel
tag0	brute force
tag1	dp

contestId	175
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1532709
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	740
name	Geometry Horse
tag0	greedy
tag1	implementation

contestId	175
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1532316
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	927
name	Plane of Tanks: Pro

contestId	175
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1531987
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1690
name	Robot Bicorn Attack
tag0	brute force

contestId	180
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1609591
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	373
name	Defragmentation

contestId	180
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1609317
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	450
name	Name
tag0	greedy

contestId	180
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1608634
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	196
name	Divisibility Rules
tag0	math

contestId	180
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1608482
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	196
name	Divisibility Rules
tag0	math

contestId	180
index	F
verdict	OK
id	1608295
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1148
name	Mathematical Analysis Rocks!
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	implementation

contestId	180
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1608265
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	703
name	Cubes
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	180
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1608236
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1747
name	Letter

contestId	185
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1658549
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	40
name	Clever Fat Rat

contestId	185
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1657656
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	201
name	Visit of the Great
tag0	math

contestId	185
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1657319
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	201
name	Visit of the Great
tag0	math

contestId	185
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1656997
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	201
name	Visit of the Great
tag0	math

contestId	185
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1656803
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	201
name	Visit of the Great
tag0	math

contestId	185
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1654143
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	953
name	Mushroom Scientists
tag0	math

contestId	185
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1652777
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2590
name	Plant

contestId	193
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1760964
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	146
name	Fibonacci Number
tag0	brute force
tag1	math

contestId	193
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1759791
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	261
name	Hamming Distance
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	greedy
tag2	math

contestId	193
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1754726
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	589
name	Xor

contestId	193
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1754079
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1349
name	Cutting Figure
tag0	2-sat
tag1	chinese remainder theorem

contestId	196
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1794229
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	190
name	The Next Good String
tag0	data structures
tag1	greedy
tag2	hashing

contestId	196
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1792424
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	266
name	Opening Portals
tag0	dsu
tag1	graphs

contestId	196
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1790334
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	436
name	Paint Tree
tag0	divide and conquer
tag1	geometry
tag2	sortings

contestId	196
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1788499
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1015
name	Infinite Maze

contestId	196
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1787619
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2896
name	Lexicographically Maximum Subsequence

contestId	198
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1820338
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	233
name	Delivering Carcinogen
tag0	binary search

contestId	198
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1818691
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	240
name	Gripping Story
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	198
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1815002
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1470
name	Jumping on Walls

contestId	198
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1814240
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1701
name	About Bacteria
tag0	implementation

contestId	204
index	E
verdict	OK
id	1890672
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	309
name	Little Elephant and Strings
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation
tag2	string suffix structures

contestId	204
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1888443
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	226
name	Little Elephant and Retro Strings

contestId	204
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1887685
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	676
name	Little Elephant and Furik and Rubik
tag0	math

contestId	204
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1887431
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	226
name	Little Elephant and Retro Strings

contestId	204
index	C
verdict	SKIPPED
id	1885750
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	676
name	Little Elephant and Furik and Rubik
tag0	math

contestId	204
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1884626
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2304
name	Little Elephant and Cards
tag0	binary search

contestId	204
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1883566
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	2236
name	Little Elephant and Interval
tag0	binary search
tag1	combinatorics

contestId	209
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1899085
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	169
name	Pixels
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	209
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1898916
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	271
name	Trails and Glades
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs

contestId	209
index	C
verdict	SKIPPED
id	1898908
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	271
name	Trails and Glades
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs

contestId	209
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1898847
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	288
name	Multicolored Marbles
tag0	dp

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1913805
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	1913803
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1913684
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1913680
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1913676
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912712
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912711
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1912710
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912708
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	1912706
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912697
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912695
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912685
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912671
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912662
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	212
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1912661
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	36
name	Privatization
tag0	flows

contestId	213
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1964398
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	262
name	Two Permutations
tag0	data structures
tag1	hashing

contestId	213
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1964397
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	262
name	Two Permutations
tag0	data structures
tag1	hashing

contestId	213
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1964391
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	262
name	Two Permutations
tag0	data structures
tag1	hashing

contestId	213
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	1960286
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	262
name	Two Permutations
tag0	data structures
tag1	hashing

contestId	213
index	D
verdict	OK
id	1957392
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	219
name	Stars
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	213
index	C
verdict	OK
id	1955832
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	933
name	Relay Race

contestId	213
index	B
verdict	OK
id	1955124
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	888
name	Numbers
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	213
index	A
verdict	OK
id	1954282
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1059
name	Game
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	216
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2019841
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3098
name	Tiling with Hexagons
tag0	implementation

contestId	217
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2028513
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	186
name	Formurosa
tag0	divide and conquer
tag1	dp

contestId	217
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2028499
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	186
name	Formurosa
tag0	divide and conquer
tag1	dp

contestId	217
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2025056
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	602
name	Blackboard Fibonacci
tag0	brute force

contestId	217
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2024863
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	602
name	Blackboard Fibonacci
tag0	brute force

contestId	217
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2023494
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	4860
name	Ice Skating
tag0	brute force
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dsu

contestId	223
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2191691
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1287
name	Bracket Sequence
tag0	data structures
tag1	expression parsing

contestId	223
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2191009
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	863
name	Two Strings
tag0	data structures
tag1	dp

contestId	223
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2189888
programmingLanguage	FPC
solvedCount	781
name	Partial Sums
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	225
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2216431
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	469
name	Snake
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	graphs

contestId	225
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2215147
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1763
name	Well-known Numbers
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy

contestId	225
index	E
verdict	OK
id	2214686
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	435
name	Unsolvable
tag0	math

contestId	225
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2213870
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3176
name	Dice Tower
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	225
index	A
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	2213839
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	3176
name	Dice Tower
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	225
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2213023
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2500
name	Barcode
tag0	dp

contestId	225
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2212986
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2500
name	Barcode
tag0	dp

contestId	232
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2346447
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	210
name	Fence
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	232
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2346100
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	210
name	Fence
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	232
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2343160
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1336
name	Cycles
tag0	binary search
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	graphs

contestId	232
index	A
verdict	SKIPPED
id	2342652
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1336
name	Cycles
tag0	binary search
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	graphs

contestId	232
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2340867
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	769
name	Table
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	combinatorics
tag2	dp

contestId	235
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2396839
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1020
name	Let's Play Osu!
tag0	dp
tag1	math

contestId	235
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2395919
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3857
name	LCM Challenge

contestId	238
index	E
verdict	OK
id	2504243
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	142
name	Meeting Her
tag0	dp
tag1	graphs

contestId	238
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2501797
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	741
name	Boring Partition

contestId	238
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2500671
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	571
name	World Eater Brothers
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	greedy

contestId	238
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2498053
programmingLanguage	Delphi
solvedCount	1399
name	Not Wool Sequences
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	240
index	E
verdict	OK
id	2372786
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	137
name	Road Repairs
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	240
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2372744
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	137
name	Road Repairs
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	240
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2369801
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	137
name	Road Repairs
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	240
index	F
verdict	OK
id	2369245
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	356
name	TorCoder

contestId	240
index	F
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	2368223
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	356
name	TorCoder

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2487982
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2487916
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	2487863
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	2487851
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2487772
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	MEMORY_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	2487761
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2487631
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2487241
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	91

contestId	241
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2485774
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	170
name	Friends
tag0	binary search
tag1	bitmasks
tag2	data structures

contestId	241
index	F
verdict	OK
id	2484024
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	203
name	Race
tag0	brute force

contestId	241
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2483389
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	203
name	Race
tag0	brute force

contestId	241
index	E
verdict	OK
id	2482138
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	247
name	Flights
tag0	graphs

contestId	241
index	G
verdict	OK
id	2481472
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	455
name	Challenging Balloons

contestId	241
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2481354
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	455
name	Challenging Balloons

contestId	241
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2480741
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	403
name	Mirror Box
tag0	geometry

contestId	241
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2480014
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1683
name	Old Peykan

contestId	243
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2574723
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	773
name	Hydra
tag0	graphs

contestId	243
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2570569
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	773
name	Hydra
tag0	graphs

contestId	243
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2569802
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	304
name	Colorado Potato Beetle
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	243
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2567807
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1663
name	The Brand New Function

contestId	251
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2708116
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	611
name	Number Transformation
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	251
index	C
verdict	SKIPPED
id	2707901
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	611
name	Number Transformation
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	251
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2706516
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	207
name	Two Sets
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	251
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2705710
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	207
name	Two Sets
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	251
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2702885
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	818
name	Playing with Permutations
tag0	implementation

contestId	251
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	2702163
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	818
name	Playing with Permutations
tag0	implementation

contestId	251
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2700911
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3691
name	Points on Line
tag0	binary search
tag1	combinatorics

contestId	260
index	D
verdict	OK
id	2844129
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	657
name	Black and White Tree
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs
tag3	greedy

contestId	260
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	2843326
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	657
name	Black and White Tree
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs
tag3	greedy

contestId	260
index	E
verdict	OK
id	2840239
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	242
name	Dividing Kingdom
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force

contestId	260
index	C
verdict	OK
id	2837093
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1477
name	Balls and Boxes
tag0	greedy

contestId	260
index	B
verdict	OK
id	2836467
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1982
name	Ancient Prophesy
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	260
index	A
verdict	OK
id	2836160
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3642
name	Adding Digits
tag0	implementation

contestId	269
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3055065
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	219
name	Maximum Waterfall
tag0	data structures

contestId	269
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3051384
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2182
name	Greenhouse Effect

contestId	269
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3050569
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2232
name	Magical Boxes
tag0	greedy

contestId	269
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3050067
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2232
name	Magical Boxes
tag0	greedy

contestId	269
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3048752
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	844
name	Flawed Flow
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	flows

contestId	273
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3120720
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	129
name	Dima and Game
tag0	dp

contestId	273
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3117520
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	214
name	Dima and Figure

contestId	280
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3277787
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	792
name	Game on Tree
tag0	implementation
tag1	math
tag2	probabilities

contestId	280
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3277306
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1450
name	Maximum Xor Secondary
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation

contestId	280
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3275958
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	854
name	Rectangle Puzzle

contestId	291
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3534877
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	720
name	Tree-String Problem
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	hashing

contestId	291
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3534834
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1297
name	Parallel Programming

contestId	291
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3534733
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1497
name	Network Mask
tag0	brute force

contestId	291
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3534671
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2527
name	Command Line Arguments
tag0	implementation

contestId	291
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3534645
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2527
name	Command Line Arguments
tag0	implementation

contestId	291
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3534584
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3862
name	Spyke Talks
tag0	implementation

contestId	292
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3549635
programmingLanguage	MS C++
solvedCount	1035
name	Connected Components
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	292
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3544312
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	607
name	Beautiful IP Addresses

contestId	292
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3543332
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1035
name	Connected Components
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	292
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3542709
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1243
name	Copying Data

contestId	292
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3541917
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1748
name	SMSC

contestId	292
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3541690
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2636
name	Network Topology
tag0	graphs

contestId	293
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3609723
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Close Vertices
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	293
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3609678
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	272
name	Close Vertices
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	293
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3606650
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	265
name	Distinct Paths
tag0	brute force

contestId	293
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3605548
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1497
name	Weird Game
tag0	games

contestId	293
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3605165
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	394
name	Cube Problem
tag0	brute force
tag1	math

contestId	293
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3603787
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	142
name	Ksusha and Square
tag0	geometry
tag1	math
tag2	probabilities

contestId	297
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3573577
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	101
name	Mystic Carvings

contestId	297
index	C
verdict	OK
id	3572198
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	516
name	Splitting the Uniqueness

contestId	297
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3571285
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	255
name	Color the Carpet

contestId	297
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3565273
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2109
name	Fish Weight
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	297
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3564985
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2324
name	Parity Game

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713985
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713984
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713982
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713980
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713978
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713975
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713974
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713971
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713959
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713952
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713949
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713946
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713940
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713935
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713932
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713928
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713915
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713909
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713905
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713899
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713894
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713888
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713886
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3713882
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	3713733
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	303
index	E
verdict	OK
id	3713726
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	88
name	Random Ranking

contestId	316
index	G3
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	3875572
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	183
name	Good Substrings

contestId	316
index	G3
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	3875527
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	183
name	Good Substrings

contestId	316
index	G3
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	3875466
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	183
name	Good Substrings

contestId	316
index	F3
verdict	OK
id	3872862
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	112
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	F2
verdict	OK
id	3872762
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	108

contestId	316
index	F3
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3872694
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	112
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	F3
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3872487
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	112
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	F2
verdict	OK
id	3872476
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	108

contestId	316
index	F1
verdict	OK
id	3872438
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	121
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	F1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3872150
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	121
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	F1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3871802
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	121
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	E3
verdict	OK
id	3870518
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	277
name	Summer Homework
tag0	data structures

contestId	316
index	E2
verdict	OK
id	3869439
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	269
name	Summer Homework
tag0	data structures

contestId	316
index	E2
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	3869197
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	269
name	Summer Homework
tag0	data structures

contestId	316
index	E2
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3868861
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	269
name	Summer Homework
tag0	data structures

contestId	316
index	F1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3868049
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	121
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	G2
verdict	OK
id	3867332
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	278
name	Good Substrings

contestId	316
index	G1
verdict	OK
id	3867240
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	649
name	Good Substrings
tag0	hashing

contestId	316
index	F1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3866051
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	121
name	Suns and Rays
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	C2
verdict	OK
id	3865013
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	333
name	Tidying Up
tag0	flows

contestId	316
index	C1
verdict	OK
id	3864899
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	352
name	Tidying Up

contestId	316
index	D3
verdict	OK
id	3864059
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	249
name	PE Lesson
tag0	dp

contestId	316
index	D2
verdict	OK
id	3864057
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	233
name	PE Lesson

contestId	316
index	E1
verdict	OK
id	3863479
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1104
name	Summer Homework
tag0	brute force

contestId	316
index	D1
verdict	OK
id	3863206
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	257
name	PE Lesson
tag0	brute force

contestId	316
index	B2
verdict	OK
id	3861163
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1159
name	EKG
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	316
index	B1
verdict	OK
id	3860823
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1099
name	EKG
tag0	brute force

contestId	316
index	A2
verdict	OK
id	3860545
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1650
name	Special Task

contestId	316
index	A1
verdict	OK
id	3860538
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1899
name	Special Task

contestId	316
index	A1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3860518
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1899
name	Special Task

contestId	316
index	A1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3860517
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1899
name	Special Task

contestId	317
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3892757
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	295
name	Balance
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	graphs

contestId	317
index	D
verdict	OK
id	3889207
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	530
name	Game with Powers
tag0	dp

contestId	317
index	B
verdict	OK
id	3888482
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1171
name	Ants
tag0	brute force

contestId	317
index	A
verdict	OK
id	3886617
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2892
name	Perfect Pair

contestId	317
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	3886404
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	530
name	Game with Powers
tag0	dp

contestId	329
index	C
verdict	OK
id	4122060
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	472
name	Graph Reconstruction

contestId	329
index	D
verdict	OK
id	4118708
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	216
name	The Evil Temple and the Moving Rocks

contestId	329
index	B
verdict	OK
id	4114580
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2351
name	Biridian Forest
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	329
index	A
verdict	OK
id	4113197
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2773
name	Purification
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	331
index	D3
verdict	OK
id	4092885
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	Escaping on Beaveractor
tag0	data structures
tag1	implementation

contestId	331
index	D2
verdict	OK
id	4092858
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	59
name	Escaping on Beaveractor

contestId	331
index	D2
verdict	OK
id	4091923
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	59
name	Escaping on Beaveractor

contestId	331
index	D1
verdict	OK
id	4091829
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	110
name	Escaping on Beaveractor
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	331
index	B2
verdict	OK
id	4089462
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	471
name	Shave Beaver!

contestId	331
index	B1
verdict	OK
id	4089349
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	581
name	Shave Beaver!

contestId	331
index	A2
verdict	OK
id	4088949
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	879
name	Oh Sweet Beaverette
tag0	data structures

contestId	331
index	A1
verdict	OK
id	4088920
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	954
name	Oh Sweet Beaverette
tag0	brute force

contestId	331
index	C3
verdict	OK
id	4088453
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	209
name	The Great Julya Calendar

contestId	331
index	C2
verdict	OK
id	4088451
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	173
name	The Great Julya Calendar

contestId	331
index	C1
verdict	OK
id	4088426
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1237
name	The Great Julya Calendar

contestId	335
index	E
verdict	OK
id	4224349
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	74
name	Counting Skyscrapers
tag0	dp
tag1	math

contestId	335
index	D
verdict	OK
id	4223701
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	178
name	Rectangles and Square
tag0	brute force

contestId	335
index	B
verdict	OK
id	4222343
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	786
name	Palindrome
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	335
index	C
verdict	OK
id	4222014
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	337
name	More Reclamation

contestId	335
index	A
verdict	OK
id	4221303
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1006
name	Banana
tag0	binary search
tag1	constructive algorithms

contestId	338
index	D
verdict	OK
id	4295147
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	252
name	GCD Table
tag0	chinese remainder theorem
tag1	math

contestId	338
index	E
verdict	OK
id	4291715
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	304
name	Optimize!

contestId	338
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	4291365
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	304
name	Optimize!

contestId	343
index	E
verdict	OK
id	4470358
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	155
name	Pumping Stations
tag0	brute force
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	divide and conquer
tag3	flows

contestId	343
index	D
verdict	OK
id	4464141
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1090
name	Water Tree
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	343
index	C
verdict	OK
id	4460935
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1379
name	Read Time
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy

contestId	343
index	B
verdict	OK
id	4459735
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3397
name	Alternating Current
tag0	data structures
tag1	greedy

contestId	343
index	A
verdict	OK
id	4458959
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3595
name	Rational Resistance
tag0	math

contestId	356
index	D
verdict	OK
id	4794974
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	245
name	Bags and Coins
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dp

contestId	356
index	C
verdict	OK
id	4792387
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	786
name	Compartments
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	greedy

contestId	356
index	A
verdict	OK
id	4790471
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3085
name	Knight Tournament
tag0	data structures

contestId	356
index	B
verdict	OK
id	4789769
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1248
name	Xenia and Hamming
tag0	implementation

contestId	367
index	E
verdict	OK
id	5253117
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	252
name	Sereja and Intervals
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	367
index	D
verdict	OK
id	5249684
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	352
name	Sereja and Sets
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	367
index	A
verdict	OK
id	5248539
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2760
name	Sereja and Algorithm 
tag0	data structures

contestId	367
index	C
verdict	OK
id	5247815
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1011
name	Sereja and the Arrangement of Numbers
tag0	graphs
tag1	greedy

contestId	367
index	B
verdict	OK
id	5245452
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1504
name	Sereja ans Anagrams
tag0	binary search

contestId	372
index	D
verdict	OK
id	5430216
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	319
name	Choosing Subtree is Fun
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	dfs and similar
tag3	trees

contestId	372
index	C
verdict	OK
id	5423917
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	796
name	Watching Fireworks is Fun
tag0	data structures
tag1	dp

contestId	372
index	B
verdict	OK
id	5421838
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1217
name	Counting Rectangles is Fun
tag0	brute force
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	372
index	A
verdict	OK
id	5420847
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3630
name	Counting Kangaroos is Fun
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy
tag2	sortings

contestId	377
index	E
verdict	OK
id	5565104
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	105
name	Cookie Clicker
tag0	dp

contestId	377
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	5560946
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	105
name	Cookie Clicker
tag0	dp

contestId	377
index	C
verdict	OK
id	5557198
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	627
name	Captains Mode
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	377
index	B
verdict	OK
id	5555860
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1169
name	Preparing for the Contest
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	greedy

contestId	377
index	D
verdict	OK
id	5554743
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	413
name	Developing Game

contestId	377
index	A
verdict	OK
id	5552294
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4927
name	Maze

contestId	379
index	E
verdict	OK
id	5580054
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	219
name	New Year Tree Decorations
tag0	geometry
tag1	schedules

contestId	379
index	D
verdict	OK
id	5577419
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1010
name	New Year Letter
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	379
index	B
verdict	OK
id	5571662
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4877
name	New Year Present
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	379
index	C
verdict	OK
id	5570734
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4012
name	New Year Ratings Change
tag0	greedy

contestId	379
index	A
verdict	OK
id	5570092
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	12127
name	New Year Candles

contestId	388
index	D
verdict	OK
id	5881221
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	138
name	Fox and Perfect Sets

contestId	388
index	A
verdict	OK
id	5878499
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4611
name	Fox and Box Accumulation
tag0	greedy

contestId	388
index	C
verdict	OK
id	5878094
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1328
name	Fox and Card Game
tag0	games
tag1	greedy

contestId	388
index	B
verdict	OK
id	5877357
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1303
name	Fox and Minimal path
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	graphs
tag3	implementation

contestId	388
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	5874948
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4611
name	Fox and Box Accumulation
tag0	greedy

contestId	407
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6186438
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	249
name	Largest Submatrix 3
tag0	dp

contestId	407
index	C
verdict	OK
id	6183229
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	407
name	Curious Array
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	407
index	A
verdict	OK
id	6179819
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2473
name	Triangle
tag0	brute force
tag1	implementation

contestId	407
index	B
verdict	OK
id	6178779
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2565
name	Long Path
tag0	dp

contestId	409
index	E
verdict	OK
id	6229002
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	358

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6226300
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6226265
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6226191
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6225763
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6225431
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6225387
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6225332
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6224700
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	645

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	OK
id	6211134
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6211097
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6211056
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6211027
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6210964
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	H
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6210895
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3156
name	A + B Strikes Back
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	dsu

contestId	409
index	B
verdict	OK
id	6210388
programmingLanguage	Mysterious Language
solvedCount	954

contestId	409
index	C
verdict	OK
id	6208379
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1300

contestId	409
index	A
verdict	OK
id	6207760
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1614

contestId	412
index	E
verdict	OK
id	6406325
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	563
name	E-mail Addresses

contestId	412
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6405248
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	882
name	Giving Awards

contestId	412
index	A
verdict	OK
id	6404336
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2079
name	Poster
tag0	greedy

contestId	412
index	B
verdict	OK
id	6404191
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2163
name	Network Configuration
tag0	greedy

contestId	412
index	C
verdict	OK
id	6404170
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1867
name	Pattern
tag0	implementation

contestId	418
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6394549
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	141
name	Big Problems for Organizers
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	418
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6393969
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	141
name	Big Problems for Organizers
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	418
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6393785
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	141
name	Big Problems for Organizers
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	436
index	F
verdict	OK
id	6886429
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	84
name	Banners
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures

contestId	436
index	F
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	6886422
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	84
name	Banners
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures

contestId	436
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	6883248
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	84
name	Banners
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures

contestId	436
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6881094
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	141
name	Pudding Monsters

contestId	436
index	C
verdict	OK
id	6875335
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1594
name	Dungeons and Candies
tag0	dsu
tag1	graphs
tag2	greedy

contestId	436
index	B
verdict	OK
id	6874241
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2454
name	Om Nom and Spiders
tag0	implementation

contestId	436
index	A
verdict	OK
id	6873988
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2387
name	Feed with Candy

contestId	442
index	E
verdict	OK
id	6921847
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	66
name	Gena and Second Distance

contestId	442
index	C
verdict	OK
id	6919336
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	761
name	Artem and Array 
tag0	data structures

contestId	442
index	D
verdict	OK
id	6917753
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	317
name	Adam and Tree
tag0	data structures

contestId	442
index	B
verdict	OK
id	6916976
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2306
name	Andrey and Problem
tag0	greedy
tag1	math

contestId	442
index	A
verdict	OK
id	6914458
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1442
name	Borya and Hanabi
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	452
index	E
verdict	OK
id	7265530
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	308
name	Three strings
tag0	data structures
tag1	dsu
tag2	string suffix structures

contestId	452
index	D
verdict	OK
id	7263835
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1043
name	Washer, Dryer, Folder
tag0	greedy

contestId	452
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7263420
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1550
name	4-point polyline
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	geometry

contestId	452
index	C
verdict	OK
id	7262766
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	921
name	Magic Trick
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	math

contestId	452
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7258696
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4684
name	Eevee
tag0	implementation

contestId	455
index	E
verdict	OK
id	7394351
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	181
name	Function

contestId	455
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7393975
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	181
name	Function

contestId	455
index	D
verdict	OK
id	7390969
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	617
name	Serega and Fun

contestId	455
index	C
verdict	OK
id	7383856
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1859
name	Civilization
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	ternary search

contestId	455
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7382998
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1859
name	Civilization
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	ternary search

contestId	455
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	7382688
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1859
name	Civilization
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	ternary search

contestId	455
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7380394
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2098
name	A Lot of Games
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	games
tag3	implementation
tag4	strings

contestId	455
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7377249
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10292
name	Boredom

contestId	464
index	D
verdict	OK
id	7709708
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	262
name	World of Darkraft - 2
tag0	dp

contestId	464
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7707364
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1210
name	Restore Cube 
tag0	brute force

contestId	464
index	C
verdict	OK
id	7704070
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1062
name	Substitutes in Number

contestId	464
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7701335
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3094
name	No to Palindromes!
tag0	greedy

contestId	466
index	E
verdict	OK
id	7758393
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	778
name	Information Graph
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs

contestId	466
index	D
verdict	OK
id	7756150
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	970
name	Increase Sequence
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	466
index	C
verdict	OK
id	7754473
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	6944
name	Number of Ways
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force
tag2	data structures
tag3	dp

contestId	466
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7753781
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2241
name	Wonder Room
tag0	brute force

contestId	466
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7753035
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10494
name	Cheap Travel

contestId	472
index	A
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	8039550
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	12761
name	Design Tutorial: Learn from Math
tag0	math

contestId	472
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8014079
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	145
name	Design Tutorial: Change the Goal
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	math

contestId	472
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8012060
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	78
name	Design Tutorial: Learn from a Game
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	472
index	D
verdict	OK
id	8002975
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2123
name	Design Tutorial: Inverse the Problem
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu
tag2	shortest paths

contestId	472
index	C
verdict	OK
id	7999042
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4589
name	Design Tutorial: Make It Nondeterministic

contestId	472
index	B
verdict	OK
id	7996646
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	5656

contestId	472
index	A
verdict	OK
id	7996316
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	12761
name	Design Tutorial: Learn from Math
tag0	math

contestId	474
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8112605
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1040
name	Pillars
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	dp
tag3	sortings

contestId	474
index	F
verdict	OK
id	8110974
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1280
name	Ant colony
tag0	data structures

contestId	474
index	D
verdict	OK
id	8109752
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	5270
name	Flowers

contestId	474
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8109129
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1638
name	Captain Marmot
tag0	brute force

contestId	474
index	B
verdict	OK
id	8107578
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	8334
name	Worms
tag0	binary search

contestId	474
index	A
verdict	OK
id	8107540
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	8976
name	Keyboard

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8395492
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8395487
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8395485
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8395484
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8395481
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8395341
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8395285
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8395044
programmingLanguage	Java 7
solvedCount	392
name	Game with Strings
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8395016
programmingLanguage	Java 7
solvedCount	392
name	Game with Strings
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8394627
programmingLanguage	Java 7
solvedCount	392
name	Game with Strings
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8394567
programmingLanguage	Java 7
solvedCount	392
name	Game with Strings
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8393436
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	8393372
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8392996
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	51
name	ELCA
tag0	data structures

contestId	482
index	D
verdict	OK
id	8386071
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	179
name	Random Function and Tree
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8384458
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	392
name	Game with Strings
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	482
index	B
verdict	OK
id	8382609
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2223
name	Interesting Array
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	data structures

contestId	482
index	A
verdict	OK
id	8380309
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	5297
name	Diverse Permutation
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	492
index	D
verdict	OK
id	8912071
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2033
name	Vanya and Computer Game
tag0	binary search
tag1	implementation
tag2	math

contestId	492
index	E
verdict	OK
id	8911687
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1044
name	Vanya and Field

contestId	492
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8910643
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2033
name	Vanya and Computer Game
tag0	binary search
tag1	implementation
tag2	math

contestId	492
index	C
verdict	OK
id	8909822
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4604
name	Vanya and Exams
tag0	greedy

contestId	492
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8909715
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4604
name	Vanya and Exams
tag0	greedy

contestId	492
index	A
verdict	OK
id	8909344
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10270
name	Vanya and Cubes

contestId	492
index	B
verdict	OK
id	8909069
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10056
name	Vanya and Lanterns
tag0	binary search
tag1	math

contestId	492
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8908816
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10270
name	Vanya and Cubes

contestId	492
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	8908560
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	10270
name	Vanya and Cubes

contestId	494
index	D
verdict	OK
id	9118626
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	266
name	Birthday
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	494
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9118561
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	266
name	Birthday
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	494
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9118047
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	266
name	Birthday
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	494
index	C
verdict	OK
id	9115660
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	296
name	Helping People
tag0	dp

contestId	494
index	E
verdict	OK
id	9112090
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	56
name	Sharti

contestId	494
index	E
verdict	RUNTIME_ERROR
id	9111742
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	56
name	Sharti

contestId	494
index	B
verdict	OK
id	9104681
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1217
name	Obsessive String
tag0	dp

contestId	494
index	A
verdict	OK
id	9103881
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3466
name	Treasure

contestId	500
index	F
verdict	OK
id	9316542
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	244
name	New Year Shopping
tag0	divide and conquer

contestId	500
index	E
verdict	OK
id	9314444
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	720
name	New Year Domino
tag0	data structures
tag1	dp

contestId	500
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9313076
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	720
name	New Year Domino
tag0	data structures
tag1	dp

contestId	500
index	D
verdict	OK
id	9309948
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1858
name	New Year Santa Network
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	graphs

contestId	500
index	C
verdict	OK
id	9308245
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3887
name	New Year Book Reading
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	greedy
tag2	implementation

contestId	500
index	A
verdict	OK
id	9307130
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	11567
name	New Year Transportation
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	graphs

contestId	500
index	B
verdict	OK
id	9306707
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	4278
name	New Year Permutation
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu
tag2	graphs
tag3	greedy
tag4	math

contestId	507
index	D
verdict	OK
id	9520456
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	820
name	The Maths Lecture
tag0	dp

contestId	507
index	E
verdict	OK
id	9520218
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	1156
name	Breaking Good
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	graphs

contestId	507
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9519052
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	820
name	The Maths Lecture
tag0	dp

contestId	507
index	C
verdict	OK
id	9517954
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	2575
name	Guess Your Way Out!
tag0	implementation

contestId	507
index	B
verdict	OK
id	9515452
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	6425
name	Amr and Pins
tag0	geometry

contestId	507
index	A
verdict	OK
id	9514951
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	7559
name	Amr and Music
tag0	greedy
tag1	implementation

contestId	512
index	E
verdict	OK
id	9689329
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	116
name	Fox And Polygon
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	512
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9688877
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	116
name	Fox And Polygon
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	512
index	D
verdict	OK
id	9685060
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	172
name	Fox And Travelling
tag0	dp

contestId	513
index	G3
verdict	OK
id	9761881
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	57
name	Inversions problem

contestId	513
index	G2
verdict	OK
id	9761855
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	364
name	Inversions problem
tag0	dp

contestId	513
index	G2
verdict	OK
id	9761060
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	364
name	Inversions problem
tag0	dp

contestId	513
index	F2
verdict	OK
id	9759865
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	139
name	Scaygerboss

contestId	513
index	F1
verdict	OK
id	9759734
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	147
name	Scaygerboss

contestId	513
index	F1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9759080
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	147
name	Scaygerboss

contestId	513
index	E2
verdict	OK
id	9757944
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	192
name	Subarray Cuts

contestId	513
index	E1
verdict	OK
id	9757858
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	249
name	Subarray Cuts

contestId	513
index	G2
verdict	OK
id	9756349
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	364
name	Inversions problem
tag0	dp

contestId	513
index	G1
verdict	OK
id	9756225
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	1437
name	Inversions problem
tag0	brute force
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	513
index	D2
verdict	OK
id	9755194
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	259
name	Constrained Tree
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	513
index	D1
verdict	OK
id	9755050
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	335
name	Constrained Tree

contestId	513
index	D1
verdict	OK
id	9755001
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	335
name	Constrained Tree

contestId	513
index	D1
verdict	OK
id	9754039
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	335
name	Constrained Tree

contestId	513
index	D1
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	9753813
programmingLanguage	GNU C++0x
solvedCount	335
name	Constrained Tree

contestId	513
index	G1
verdict	OK
id	9751992
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1437
name	Inversions problem
tag0	brute force
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dp

contestId	513
index	B2
verdict	OK
id	9749908
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	2041
name	Permutations
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	513
index	C
verdict	OK
id	9749606
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	1145
name	Second price auction
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	513
index	B1
verdict	OK
id	9749001
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	3065
name	Permutations

contestId	513
index	A
verdict	OK
id	9747721
programmingLanguage	GNU C++
solvedCount	8928
name	Game
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	526
index	F
verdict	OK
id	11490081
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	233
name	Pudding Monsters
tag0	data structures

contestId	526
index	F
verdict	OK
id	10584435
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	233
name	Pudding Monsters
tag0	data structures

contestId	526
index	E
verdict	OK
id	10582137
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	566
name	Transmitting Levels
tag0	dp

contestId	526
index	D
verdict	OK
id	10580549
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	879
name	Om Nom and Necklace
tag0	hashing
tag1	string suffix structures

contestId	526
index	C
verdict	OK
id	10578449
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1640
name	Om Nom and Candies
tag0	brute force
tag1	greedy

contestId	526
index	B
verdict	OK
id	10576165
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3285
name	Om Nom and Dark Park
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	greedy

contestId	526
index	A
verdict	OK
id	10575487
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3798
name	King of Thieves
tag0	brute force

contestId	549
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	11475504
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	30
name	Sasha Circle

contestId	549
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	11473618
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	30
name	Sasha Circle

contestId	549
index	F
verdict	OK
id	11466701
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	347
name	Yura and Developers
tag0	data structures

contestId	549
index	B
verdict	OK
id	11465780
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1044
name	Looksery Party
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	549
index	D
verdict	OK
id	11464258
programmingLanguage	Java 7
solvedCount	1815
name	Haar Features
tag0	greedy

contestId	549
index	C
verdict	OK
id	11463555
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1186
name	The Game Of Parity

contestId	549
index	G
verdict	OK
id	11461524
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1486
name	Happy Line
tag0	greedy

contestId	549
index	H
verdict	OK
id	11459607
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1415
name	Degenerate Matrix
tag0	binary search

contestId	549
index	A
verdict	OK
id	11458439
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5853
name	Face Detection

contestId	566
index	A
verdict	OK
id	12291750
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	419
name	Matching Names
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	strings

contestId	573
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12762783
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	96
name	Bear and Cavalry
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	573
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	12761915
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	96
name	Bear and Cavalry
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	573
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	12760172
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	96
name	Bear and Cavalry
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	573
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12758628
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	620
name	Bear and Drawing
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	573
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12753834
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	620
name	Bear and Drawing
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	dfs and similar

contestId	573
index	B
verdict	OK
id	12747277
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3067
name	Bear and Blocks
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	573
index	A
verdict	OK
id	12746067
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	6754
name	Bear and Poker
tag0	implementation

contestId	575
index	E
verdict	OK
id	12871628
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	45
name	Spectator Riots

contestId	575
index	I
verdict	OK
id	12870532
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	67
name	Robots protection

contestId	575
index	E
verdict	OK
id	12869115
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	45
name	Spectator Riots

contestId	575
index	C
verdict	OK
id	12868120
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	116
name	Party
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	575
index	C
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	12867634
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	116
name	Party
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	575
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12867323
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	116
name	Party
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	575
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12867285
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	116
name	Party
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	575
index	A
verdict	OK
id	12866819
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	160
name	Fibonotci
tag0	math

contestId	575
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12866776
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	160
name	Fibonotci
tag0	math

contestId	575
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12866484
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	160
name	Fibonotci
tag0	math

contestId	575
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12866236
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	160
name	Fibonotci
tag0	math

contestId	575
index	I
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	12864855
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	67
name	Robots protection

contestId	575
index	B
verdict	OK
id	12863959
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	555
name	Bribes
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	575
index	G
verdict	OK
id	12863210
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	412
name	Run for beer
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	575
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12863162
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	412
name	Run for beer
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	575
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12862848
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	412
name	Run for beer
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	575
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	12862767
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	412
name	Run for beer
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	575
index	F
verdict	OK
id	12862376
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	690
name	Bulbo
tag0	dp

contestId	575
index	H
verdict	OK
id	12861837
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1063
name	Bots
tag0	combinatorics

contestId	575
index	D
verdict	OK
id	12861707
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1428
name	Tablecity

contestId	596
index	E
verdict	OK
id	14279399
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	199
name	Wilbur and Strings
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	596
index	D
verdict	OK
id	14276759
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	437
name	Wilbur and Trees
tag0	dp
tag1	probabilities

contestId	596
index	C
verdict	OK
id	14273406
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1746
name	Wilbur and Points
tag0	greedy

contestId	596
index	B
verdict	OK
id	14272047
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5427
name	Wilbur and Array

contestId	596
index	A
verdict	OK
id	14272013
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4830
name	Wilbur and Swimming Pool

contestId	607
index	C
verdict	OK
id	14953869
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	491
name	Marbles
tag0	hashing

contestId	607
index	D
verdict	OK
id	14952244
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	275
name	Power Tree

contestId	607
index	B
verdict	OK
id	14943843
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2274
name	Zuma

contestId	607
index	A
verdict	OK
id	14942696
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3500
name	Chain Reaction
tag0	binary search

contestId	611
index	G
verdict	OK
id	15128537
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	114
name	New Year and Cake
tag0	geometry

contestId	611
index	H
verdict	OK
id	15124865
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	91
name	New Year  and Forgotten Tree
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	611
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	15121039
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	114
name	New Year and Cake
tag0	geometry

contestId	611
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	15120746
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	114
name	New Year and Cake
tag0	geometry

contestId	611
index	E
verdict	OK
id	15117658
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	597
name	New Year and Three Musketeers
tag0	data structures

contestId	611
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	15117483
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	597
name	New Year and Three Musketeers
tag0	data structures

contestId	611
index	F
verdict	OK
id	15114227
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	281
name	New Year and Cleaning
tag0	binary search

contestId	611
index	D
verdict	OK
id	15107147
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1619
name	New Year and Ancient Prophecy
tag0	hashing

contestId	611
index	C
verdict	OK
id	15103816
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4386
name	New Year and Domino
tag0	dp

contestId	611
index	A
verdict	OK
id	15101703
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	7490
name	New Year and Days

contestId	611
index	B
verdict	OK
id	15101586
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5106
name	New Year and Old Property
tag0	brute force

contestId	620
index	F
verdict	OK
id	15476784
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	204
name	Xors on Segments

contestId	620
index	D
verdict	OK
id	15476004
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	597
name	Professor GukiZ and Two Arrays
tag0	binary search

contestId	620
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	15475881
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	597
name	Professor GukiZ and Two Arrays
tag0	binary search

contestId	620
index	E
verdict	OK
id	15473382
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	906
name	New Year Tree
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	620
index	E
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	15473279
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	906
name	New Year Tree
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	620
index	C
verdict	OK
id	15470876
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2713
name	Pearls in a Row

contestId	620
index	B
verdict	OK
id	15470277
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4670
name	Grandfather Dovlet’s calculator

contestId	620
index	A
verdict	OK
id	15470173
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5718
name	Professor GukiZ's Robot
tag0	implementation

contestId	626
index	G
verdict	OK
id	16008099
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	101
name	Raffles
tag0	data structures

contestId	626
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	16007988
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	101
name	Raffles
tag0	data structures

contestId	626
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	16007869
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	101
name	Raffles
tag0	data structures

contestId	626
index	E
verdict	OK
id	15999995
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	606
name	Simple Skewness
tag0	binary search
tag1	math

contestId	626
index	F
verdict	OK
id	15997185
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	608
name	Group Projects

contestId	626
index	D
verdict	OK
id	15994387
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1637
name	Jerry's Protest
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics

contestId	626
index	C
verdict	OK
id	15992308
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2705
name	Block Towers
tag0	brute force

contestId	626
index	B
verdict	OK
id	15991887
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3602
name	Cards
tag0	constructive algorithms

contestId	626
index	A
verdict	OK
id	15990789
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4276
name	Robot Sequence
tag0	brute force

contestId	627
index	D
verdict	OK
id	16413455
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	290
name	Preorder Test
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	627
index	C
verdict	OK
id	16412323
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	665
name	Package Delivery
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer

contestId	627
index	E
verdict	OK
id	16410780
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	83
name	Orchestra

contestId	627
index	B
verdict	OK
id	16408496
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1348
name	Factory Repairs

contestId	627
index	A
verdict	OK
id	16407728
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1679
name	XOR Equation
tag0	dp

contestId	633
index	H
verdict	OK
id	16369633
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	146
name	Fibonacci-ish II
tag0	data structures

contestId	633
index	G
verdict	OK
id	16365170
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	269
name	Yash And Trees
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	data structures

contestId	633
index	E
verdict	OK
id	16363148
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	367
name	Startup Funding
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	probabilities

contestId	633
index	F
verdict	OK
id	16360649
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	297
name	The Chocolate Spree
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	633
index	D
verdict	OK
id	16359500
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1255
name	Fibonacci-ish
tag0	brute force
tag1	hashing
tag2	implementation

contestId	633
index	C
verdict	OK
id	16358402
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1183
name	Spy Syndrome 2
tag0	data structures
tag1	dp
tag2	hashing
tag3	implementation
tag4	sortings
tag5	string suffix structures

contestId	633
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	16357260
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	297
name	The Chocolate Spree
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	633
index	F
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	16356686
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	297
name	The Chocolate Spree
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp

contestId	633
index	B
verdict	OK
id	16351831
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3499
name	A Trivial Problem
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms
tag2	math

contestId	633
index	A
verdict	OK
id	16351110
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4724
name	Ebony and Ivory
tag0	brute force

contestId	639
index	C
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	17020591
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	891
name	Bear and Polynomials
tag0	hashing
tag1	implementation

contestId	644
index	C
verdict	OK
id	16743202
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	762
name	Hostname Aliases
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	sortings

contestId	644
index	B
verdict	OK
id	16742841
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1798
name	Processing Queries
tag0	data structures

contestId	644
index	A
verdict	OK
id	16742551
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3425
name	Parliament of Berland

contestId	645
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	17030790
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	38
name	Armistice Area Apportionment
tag0	binary search

contestId	645
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	16795556
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	38
name	Armistice Area Apportionment
tag0	binary search

contestId	645
index	F
verdict	OK
id	16789707
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	278
name	Cowslip Collections
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	math

contestId	645
index	E
verdict	OK
id	16788246
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	717
name	Intellectual Inquiry
tag0	dp
tag1	greedy

contestId	645
index	D
verdict	OK
id	16786451
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1296
name	Robot Rapping Results Report
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	645
index	C
verdict	OK
id	16785938
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1689
name	Enduring Exodus
tag0	binary search

contestId	645
index	A
verdict	OK
id	16785657
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2172
name	Amity Assessment
tag0	brute force
tag1	constructive algorithms

contestId	645
index	B
verdict	OK
id	16785533
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2128
name	Mischievous Mess Makers
tag0	greedy

contestId	650
index	E
verdict	OK
id	16578790
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	179
name	Clockwork Bomb
tag0	data structures
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dsu

contestId	650
index	D
verdict	OK
id	16571229
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	435
name	Zip-line
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	650
index	B
verdict	OK
id	16567529
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2050
name	Image Preview
tag0	binary search
tag1	dp

contestId	650
index	C
verdict	OK
id	16565085
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1066
name	Table Compression
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dp
tag2	dsu
tag3	graphs

contestId	650
index	A
verdict	OK
id	16562732
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5164
name	Watchmen
tag0	data structures

contestId	662
index	D
verdict	OK
id	17329570
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1156
name	International Olympiad
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	greedy
tag2	implementation

contestId	662
index	E
verdict	OK
id	17329285
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	56
name	To Hack or not to Hack
tag0	brute force
tag1	dp

contestId	662
index	B
verdict	OK
id	17328499
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	760
name	Graph Coloring

contestId	662
index	A
verdict	OK
id	17328265
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	101
name	Gambling Nim
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	math
tag2	matrices

contestId	687
index	E
verdict	OK
id	18806260
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	138

contestId	687
index	D
verdict	OK
id	18802718
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	410
name	Dividing Kingdom II
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	dsu

contestId	687
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	18802183
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	410
name	Dividing Kingdom II
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	dsu

contestId	687
index	C
verdict	OK
id	18790045
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2097
name	The Values You Can Make

contestId	687
index	B
verdict	OK
id	18788540
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2248
name	Remainders Game
tag0	chinese remainder theorem
tag1	math

contestId	687
index	A
verdict	OK
id	18786960
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4666
name	NP-Hard Problem
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	710
index	D
verdict	OK
id	20102628
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	342
name	Two Arithmetic Progressions

contestId	710
index	D
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	20070507
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	342
name	Two Arithmetic Progressions

contestId	710
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	20070497
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	342
name	Two Arithmetic Progressions

contestId	710
index	F
verdict	OK
id	20058436
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	205
name	String Set Queries
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	hashing
tag3	string suffix structures

contestId	710
index	C
verdict	OK
id	20056438
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2679
name	Magic Odd Square

contestId	710
index	D
verdict	CHALLENGED
id	20053910
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	342
name	Two Arithmetic Progressions

contestId	710
index	E
verdict	OK
id	20050515
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1858
name	Generate a String
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	710
index	B
verdict	OK
id	20047656
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4188
name	Optimal Point on a Line
tag0	brute force

contestId	710
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	20047551
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4188
name	Optimal Point on a Line
tag0	brute force

contestId	710
index	A
verdict	OK
id	20047537
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	6205
name	King Moves

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	OK
id	23172550
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	OK
id	23101161
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23100914
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23100666
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23100392
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23099860
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	COMPILATION_ERROR
id	23099785
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	B
verdict	OK
id	23071347
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1050
name	Hongcow's Game
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	744
index	C
verdict	OK
id	23071345
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	405
name	Hongcow Buys a Deck of Cards
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	744
index	E
verdict	OK
id	23071342
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	38
name	Hongcow Masters the Cyclic Shift

contestId	744
index	A
verdict	OK
id	23071326
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3172
name	Hongcow Builds A Nation
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	744
index	D
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23069538
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	35
name	Hongcow Draws a Circle

contestId	744
index	E
verdict	OK
id	23063797
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	38
name	Hongcow Masters the Cyclic Shift

contestId	744
index	C
verdict	OK
id	23057499
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	405
name	Hongcow Buys a Deck of Cards
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force

contestId	744
index	B
verdict	OK
id	23055547
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1050
name	Hongcow's Game
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	744
index	A
verdict	OK
id	23052903
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	3172
name	Hongcow Builds A Nation
tag0	dfs and similar

contestId	750
index	F
verdict	OK
id	23449466
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	214
name	New Year and Finding Roots
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	implementation

contestId	750
index	F
verdict	IDLENESS_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23445261
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	214
name	New Year and Finding Roots
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	implementation

contestId	750
index	G
verdict	OK
id	23441840
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	80
name	New Year and Binary Tree Paths
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	brute force
tag2	combinatorics

contestId	750
index	D
verdict	OK
id	23432322
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2199
name	New Year and Fireworks
tag0	brute force
tag1	data structures
tag2	dfs and similar
tag3	dp

contestId	750
index	B
verdict	OK
id	23425358
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	6294
name	New Year and North Pole

contestId	750
index	C
verdict	OK
id	23423631
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4012
name	New Year and Rating
tag0	binary search
tag1	greedy

contestId	750
index	A
verdict	OK
id	23420989
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	9665
name	New Year and Hurry
tag0	binary search
tag1	brute force
tag2	implementation

contestId	755
index	G
verdict	OK
id	23864695
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	83
name	PolandBall and Many Other Balls
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	dp
tag3	fft
tag4	math

contestId	755
index	G
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23861300
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	83
name	PolandBall and Many Other Balls
tag0	combinatorics
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	dp
tag3	fft
tag4	math

contestId	755
index	E
verdict	OK
id	23856305
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	435
name	PolandBall and White-Red graph
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	graphs

contestId	755
index	F
verdict	OK
id	23854346
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	383
name	PolandBall and Gifts
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	dp

contestId	755
index	C
verdict	OK
id	23852255
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	3420
name	PolandBall and Forest
tag0	dfs and similar
tag1	dsu

contestId	755
index	D
verdict	OK
id	23850075
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	1686
name	PolandBall and Polygon

contestId	755
index	B
verdict	OK
id	23847935
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	3984
name	PolandBall and Game
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures
tag2	games
tag3	greedy

contestId	755
index	A
verdict	OK
id	23846955
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	5278
name	PolandBall and Hypothesis
tag0	brute force
tag1	graphs

contestId	755
index	A
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23846590
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	5278
name	PolandBall and Hypothesis
tag0	brute force
tag1	graphs

contestId	756
index	D
verdict	OK
id	24069406
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	409
name	Bacterial Melee
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics
tag2	dp

contestId	756
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24053908
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	29
name	Long number
tag0	expression parsing
tag1	math

contestId	756
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24053036
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	29
name	Long number
tag0	expression parsing
tag1	math

contestId	756
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24050787
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	29
name	Long number
tag0	expression parsing
tag1	math

contestId	756
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24049732
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	29
name	Long number
tag0	expression parsing
tag1	math

contestId	756
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24049354
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	29
name	Long number
tag0	expression parsing
tag1	math

contestId	756
index	C
verdict	OK
id	24041809
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	643
name	Nikita and stack

contestId	756
index	D
verdict	OK
id	24039817
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	409
name	Bacterial Melee
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics
tag2	dp

contestId	756
index	D
verdict	SKIPPED
id	24039078
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	409
name	Bacterial Melee
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics
tag2	dp

contestId	756
index	A
verdict	OK
id	24037453
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	2016
name	Pavel and barbecue

contestId	756
index	B
verdict	OK
id	24036019
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	1589
name	Travel Card
tag0	binary search

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24068926
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24068888
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24068798
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24068629
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24068533
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24068514
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24068492
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24068020
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24067868
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	OK
id	23782048
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23771554
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23771542
programmingLanguage	GNU C++14
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23771425
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23771351
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23769166
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	G
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	23767259
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	44
name	Can Bash Save the Day?
tag0	data structures
tag1	divide and conquer
tag2	graphs

contestId	757
index	F
verdict	OK
id	23762892
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	157
name	Team Rocket Rises Again
tag0	data structures
tag1	graphs

contestId	757
index	D
verdict	OK
id	23749937
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	765
name	Felicity's Big Secret Revealed
tag0	bitmasks

contestId	757
index	C
verdict	OK
id	23747486
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1597
name	Felicity is Coming!
tag0	data structures
tag1	hashing
tag2	sortings

contestId	757
index	E
verdict	OK
id	23746626
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	446
name	Bash Plays with Functions
tag0	brute force
tag1	combinatorics
tag2	dp

contestId	757
index	B
verdict	OK
id	23740589
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4241
name	Bash's Big Day
tag0	greedy
tag1	math

contestId	757
index	A
verdict	OK
id	23740335
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	6459
name	Gotta Catch Em' All!

contestId	757
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	23739787
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4241
name	Bash's Big Day
tag0	greedy
tag1	math

contestId	776
index	F
verdict	OK
id	24940601
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	153
name	Sherlock's bet to Moriarty
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	geometry
tag2	graphs

contestId	776
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24937635
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	153
name	Sherlock's bet to Moriarty
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	geometry
tag2	graphs

contestId	776
index	F
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24937179
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	153
name	Sherlock's bet to Moriarty
tag0	constructive algorithms
tag1	geometry
tag2	graphs

contestId	776
index	G
verdict	OK
id	24933167
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	124
name	Sherlock and the Encrypted Data
tag0	bitmasks
tag1	combinatorics

contestId	776
index	D
verdict	OK
id	24926240
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	1414
name	The Door Problem
tag0	2-sat
tag1	dfs and similar
tag2	dsu

contestId	776
index	C
verdict	OK
id	24924230
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2457
name	Molly's Chemicals
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	776
index	C
verdict	TIME_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
id	24923867
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	2457
name	Molly's Chemicals
tag0	binary search
tag1	data structures

contestId	776
index	E
verdict	OK
id	24922427
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	963
name	The Holmes Children
tag0	math

contestId	776
index	B
verdict	OK
id	24919248
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4645
name	Sherlock and his girlfriend

contestId	776
index	A
verdict	OK
id	24918716
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	5570
name	A Serial Killer

contestId	776
index	B
verdict	WRONG_ANSWER
id	24918211
programmingLanguage	GNU C++11
solvedCount	4645
name	Sherlock and his girlfriend

